Explain what the bitfield references mean (#4306)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

~~~
{: #fig-ex-format title="Example Format"}

> When a single-bit field is referenced in prose, the value of the byte that
> carries that field with the value set can be used to clarify. For example, the
> value 0x80 could be used to refer to the One-bit Field in {{fig-ex-format}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a single-bit field is referenced in prose, the position of that field can
be clarified by using the value of the byte that carries the field with the
field's value set. For example, the value 0x80 could be used to refer to the
single-bit field in the most significant bit of the carrying byte, such as
One-bit Field in {{fig-ex-format}}.
```
